Improve doc on Jupyter tools (#249)
thoth-station/core: docs/ROADMAP.md

### Jupyter Requirements Management

> Jupyter tools focused on the Data Scientist workflow have been created to help them in dependencies management:

Reviewer: I think its "help with" not "help in" @harshad16 ?

Reviewer 2: help with seems more suitable.

> * Jupyter Notebook extension [nb-requirements](https://github.com/thoth-station/jupyter-nbrequirements)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Jupyter Notebook extension [jupyter-nbrequirements](https://github.com/thoth-station/jupyter-nbrequirements)
```

Author: Thanks!!

* JupyterLab extension [jupyterlab-requirements](https://github.com/thoth-station/jupyterlab-requirements)

They feature similar functionality as thamos, but embedding the dependencies and the locked dependencies within the meta information

> of the Jupyter Notebook file itself togheter with creating dependenices files in the requested requirement formats.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
of the Jupyter Notebook file itself together with creating dependencies files in the requested requirement formats.
```

Author: Thanks @bissenbay!!
